# Data dictionary for cleaned data

## Adjusted clean data

These files are produced by the `data_cleaning.r` scripts. They each represent adjusted economic fundementals with respect to the corresponding climate scenario. The labelling conventions are as follows;

* **Study**: We generate clean data for [Kahn](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0140988321004898?casa_token=n_5qQd13CXwAAAAA:Bg79FyBmBoTqpSmTqrd6mLEPJbuXcI6KNuWAEJ8WVQhuMZrTM2cAk61kvEJpov_wcLlp60mcTbQ), [Kalkuhl](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0095069620300838) and [Burke](https://www.nature.com/articles/nature15725).

* **Climate scenario**: Values taken are for RCP1 (RCP 2.6 with increased temperature variability), RCP 2.6, RCP 8.5 and RCP9 (RCP 8.5 with increased temperature variability). Where the study doesn't explicitly model RCP 2.6 we label it as this to improve code functionality and ease.

* **Year delta**: The two digit number on the file name represents the number of years post 2020 the file name represents. e.g. 50 = 2070.

The variables within each file are as follows;
* **CountryName**: List of country names
* **ISO2**: ISO2 code for country
* **Year**: Year of observation
* **scale20**: 1-20 scale corresponding to S&P Sovereign rating scale
* **S_GDPpercapitaUS**: GDP per capita in US$ adjusted for scenario
* **S_RealGDPgrowth**: Nominal change in GDP
* **S_NetGGdebtGDP**: Net general government debt to GDP as defined by S&P SRI
* **S_GGbalanceGDP**: General government balance to GDP as defined by S&P SRI
* **S_NarrownetextdebtCARs**: Narrow net external debt to CARs as defined by S&P SRI
* **S_CurrentaccountbalanceGDP**: Current account balance to GDP as defined by S&P SRI

## Accuracy data

The following files represent country level accuracy data, generated by the `model_accuracy.r` script. The first is based on the sample period under study. The second file is an unrestricted sample period (including pre 2015).
* country_level_accuracy.csv
* country_level_accuracy_longterm.csv

Both files have the following variables;
* **country**: Country name
* **ISO2**: ISO2 country code
* **actual**: Average actual rating for the sample period
* **est**: Estimated rating in the baseline setting
* **est_l**: Lower bound notch
* **est_u**: Upper bound notch
* **est_lower**: Lower bound estimate
* **est_upper**: Upper bound estimate
* **notch**: Rounded notches from actual
